BayesianOptimization GSoC 2022 (#1494)
JuliaLang/www.julialang.org: jsoc/gsoc/bayesopt.md

# BayesianOptimization

Bayesian optimization is a global optimization strategy for (potentially noisy) functions with unknown derivatives.
With well-chosen priors, it can find optima with fewer function evaluations than alternatives, making it well suited for the optimization of costly objective functions.

> Well known examples include hyper-parameter tuning of machine learning models (see e.g. [Taking the Human Out of the Loop: A Review of BayeRecommended Skills:sian Optimization](https://www.cs.ox.ac.uk/people/nando.defreitas/publications/BayesOptLoop.pdf)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Well known examples include hyper-parameter tuning of machine learning models (see e.g. [Taking the Human Out of the Loop: A Review of Bayesian Optimization](https://www.cs.ox.ac.uk/people/nando.defreitas/publications/BayesOptLoop.pdf)).
```
